Now what if we deleted the answer that
has been accepted as best answer?
Do you have any idea?
First, the answer should be prevent to removed and we can simply modify our delete method in the answer
policy and write some logic to restrict the deletion.
Second, the answer can be removed but we need to
update the best answer id value in the Questions table.
In this case we'll take the second way.
The reason why I take the second way instead of the
first one is because I have shown you how to
do that
In the previous section of the course and I'm sure you
can do it yourself if you prefer the first way.
That's why here I take the second way so that
you'll see another possible solution. And to update the best
answer id when the related answer removed
we have two options and I'll show you one by one.
But before that let's our file changes in our project to our repo
so git add all and then commit the changes
and say something
let's say Implement delete functionality
for answer.
And now let's create new branch to isolate our work git check out
-b and the branch name let's say lesson 19
dash a.  All right we are in new branch
and now let's see
the first way to update best answer id.
So here
in static deleted let's
assigned the question to a variable
so we do this because we'll call this answer question not for once but for several times.
And here we can change
to question
and here is the important part.
So here we simply match the best answer id in the
question model with id in the answer model
and here we can say if question best answer id equals answer Id
If yes then here we set the best answer Id to null like so.
Question.
best answer id equals null and don't forget to save it to database
and that's all we need.
So here we check if the deleted answer's id equals or identic with best answer id in question
model
If yes then we need to change the best answer id to null
because the answer is no longer exist in database.
Now let's save this and go to our browser. And here let's make two answers for this question.
So I have one so here I'll add another answer.
Now here we have two answers.
Let's see the ID of the answers.
24 And then here 8.
So the first one is 8 and the second one is 24. Now
let's make one of these
answer as best
answer
Currently we have no future to accept the answer as
best answer and we'll implement that in the other
section of this course.
For now let's do that  manually from tinker
Switch over to our terminal and open thinker
by saying: php artisan thinker. Here
I need to get the question instance and then update the best answer id column and we can do that by
saying
Answer equals app answer
find 8
and then we can get a related question like this
question equals answer question.
Now let's update the best answer id of this question
equals answer id and then save the change to our database.
Here we set the best answer id to 8.
Now if we go back to our browser
actually let's go to answer model and here
let's define new accessor
I'm going to call it get status attribute
and here let's return vote-accepted class
If the answer's id equals to question best answer id
So here we can say return this id equals this question
best answer Id
vote accepted
Otherwise we return nothing.
Now we can open answers underscore index.blade.php
and here let's change
this to answer status. Save all changes
reload the page
Now here one of the answer indicated as best answer.
For now let's remove this answer and we do this
just to make sure that this deletion will not affect
the best answer id
Hit the delete button and then hit OK
here the answer still marked as best
answer
And that's mean
the best answer id column
still store the answer id
Now let's remove this answer and let's see if this
deletion will affect the best answer id.
Hit the delete button and hit OK.
And to see if this is working
let's see in our thinker
let's find the question id
here
the question id is three.
So let's get the question
as we can see now the best answer id is null.
So that's the first way how to update the best answer
id column when the related answer are removed.
Now let's see the second way.
And before we do that let's save all changes to our repo
git add all git commit and I'll say "update
best answer Id on questions table
when an answer removed using eloquent event".
Alright
now let's switch to our master branch
and then create new brains to isolate the second way.